a320/Aircraft/Pneumatic/Cabin/DoorStateLF rw
a320/Aircraft/Pneumatic/Cabin/ExtStairsLF rw
a320/Aircraft/FMGS/FCU1/Altitude rw
a320/Aircraft/FMGS/FCU1/Lateral rw
a320/Aircraft/FMGS/FCU1/Vertical rw
a320/Aircraft/FMGS/FCU1/Speed rw
a320/Aircraft/FMGS/FCU1/Mode rw
a320/Aircraft/FMGS/FCU1/BaroL rw
a320/Aircraft/RefuelRequest rw
a320/Aircraft/ShocksRequest rw
a320/Aircraft/ExtPowerRequest rw
a320/Aircraft/ExtBleedRequest rw
a320/Aircraft/AirStairsRequestLF rw
a320/Aircraft/AirStairsRequestRF rw
a320/Aircraft/AirStairsRequestLB rw
a320/Aircraft/AirStairsRequestRB rw
a320/Aircraft/CargoRequestF rw
a320/Aircraft/CargoRequestB rw
a320/Aircraft/RefuelRequest rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/FuelPump1/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/FuelPump2/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/FuelPump3/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/FuelPump4/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/FuelPump5/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/FuelPump6/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/APU_Master/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/APU_Start/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/AirBleedAux/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/AirPack1/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/AirPack2/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/ElecBat1/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/ElecBat2/Target rw
a320/Aircraft/Cockpit/Overhead/VentBlower/Target rw
